[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2013 musical fantasy film
frozen so let's get started
Princess Elsa possesses powers that
allow her to control ice and snow after
Elsa accidentally injures her younger
sister Anna while playing their parents
take them to a group of trolls led by
grandpappy he heals Anna
and removes her memories of Elsa's magic
the king and queen isolate the sisters
within their castle Elsa shuts Anna out
and suppresses her powers however when
the sisters are teenagers both their
parents die at sea when Elsa turns 21
she is crowned queen and the castle is
open to the public for her coronation
the guests include the scheming Duke of
weselton and Prince Hans of whom honor
falls in love with at first sight when
Hans proposes to Hannah Elsa objects
accidentally unleashing her powers
before the court
the Duke brands her a monster Elsa flees
to the north where she builds a palace
of ice but also unintentionally engulfs
all of the countryside of arendelle in
an a eternal winter anna takes off to
find elsa and end the winter leaving
Hans in command she meets with Kristoff
and his reindeer Sven convincing them to
take her into the mountains Kristoff
slay is destroyed by walls and they
continue on foot they meet Olaf a
cheerful snowman brought to life
unknowingly by Elsa who offers to lead
them to her
Hans sets out to find Anna and Elsa Elsa
becomes upset when she realizes what
happened to arendelle and accidentally
freezes her sisters heart she then makes
a giant snow monster named marshmallow
who chases the group away Kristoff takes
honor to the trolls
grand pabbie reveals that anna will
eventually freeze solid unless an act of
true love reverses the spell Kristoff
races home so Hans can give her true
love's kiss Hans reaches Elsa's Palace
defeating marshmallow and capturing Elsa
Anna is delivered to Hans but he laksana
in a room to die revealing that his plan
was to take over the throne Olaf freeze
Anna
jon's confronts Elsa claiming that he
killed Anna causing Elsa to break down
honest pots Hans about to kill Elsa
leaps in the way and freezes solid
devastated Elsa hugs and mourns over her
sister who thaws out her heroism
constituting an act of true love
realizing that love is the key to
controlling her magic Elsa ends the
winter both Hans and the duke arrested
and exiled from the kingdom anna gives
Kristoff a new sleigh and the two kiss
Elsa promises never to lock down the
castle gates again so that was the
spoilers for frozen if you have another
film you'd like to see us spoil please
let us know in the comments below check
out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram
and remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching
[Music]